
--GO FUCK YOURSELF PRIVATE LICENCE v1.0--

Any digital property and its associated projects licenced under
the "Go Fuck Yourself Private Licence" is subject to all terms
listed inside this document. You are required to acknowledge this
licence as a contract when working with or around any code
associated with the licence. Upon seeing this licence or any of
its associated material you have accepted the terms and conditions
of the "Go Fuck Yourself Private Licence." No Warranty is offered
from any material under this licence. The legal owner of the
licenced material is not liable for any damaged caused or inferred
by the licenced material.

SECTION 1 – DEFINITIONS.

 a. RESPONSE means that you have been asked to respond to, and/or
    acknowlage, the phrase "Go fuck yourself." You are able to
    respond to the listed phrase using any observable means,
    mentally acknowledging the phrase is permitted only if you
    (The licensee) are within 3 meters of 2 or more persons in
    a physical area.
 b. LICENSEE means the individual or entity exercising the
    Licensed Rights under this License. YOU has a corresponding meaning.
 c. LICENSOR means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights
    under this License. OWNER has a corresponding meaning
 d. LICENCED MATERIAL means the artistic or literary work, database,
    or other material to which the Licensor applied this License.

SECTION 2 - Licence Condition

 a. USAGE
           1. You are not permitted to use any of the licenced material
              associated with this licence
                    i. using or not using any of the licenced material
                       under this licence, you are still obligated
                       to give a response satisfying the terms in
                       1(a).
                    ii. you are also not permitted to use the
                        licenced material as any of the following
                               * A "Code Library"
 b. TERMS    
           1. You are not permitted to observe any code under
              this licence.
                    i. viewing or not viewing any of the licenced material
                       under this licence, you are still obligated
                       to give a response satisfying the terms in
                       1(a).
           2. You are not permitted to request that any of the licenced
              material have its licence terms changed.
                    i. requesting a change means you are obligated
                       to give a response satisfying the terms in
                       1(a).
           3. You are not permitted to create copies (Private or Public)
              of the licenced material.
                    i. creating a copy means you are obligated
                       to give a response satisfying the terms in
                       1(a).
           4. You are not permitted to make an attempt to recreate
              the exact functions of the licenced material.
                    i. attempting to recreate the exact functions
                       means you are obligated to give a response
                       satisfying the terms in 1(a).
           5. It is requested by the Licensor that you do not view this licence
                    i. viewing this licence means you are obligated
                       to give a response satisfying the terms
                       in 1(a).
